Prelab

1) The minimum req't for root finding using bisection are
	Two guesses that bracket the root in the first 
		decision block
	The repeated roots cannot have even multiplicity
	A non-zero tolerance because the value of the
		root is almost never exactly zero

2)You know you found a root when you evaluate the function
sign at midpoint is equal to zero or is less than the
tolerance before the max number of iterations is met.

3)The root is almost never zero but there is a very small
chance that it could be.

4)The basic bisection algorithm is to take two values
a and b where f(a) and f(b) have opposite signs, and
the root is between a and b. If neither is zero then 
you take the midpoint and half the interval depending
on if f(a) and f(c) have opposite signs, or f(b) and
f(c). The new value of a or b is the value of c 
according to which has the opposite sign. If f(a)
has the opposite sign of f(c) then b=c and vice versa.
It ends one f(c) is less than the tolerance which means
it is close enough to zero or the max iterations are met.

5)The new value of a or b is the value of c 
according to which has the opposite sign. If f(a)
has the opposite sign of f(c) then b=c and vice versa.

6)The basic idea of the Newton and Secant algorithm
is to take the slope of the initial guess and follow
that until you reach close enough to zero and return
that root.

7)It needs an "escape hatch" to prevent infinite loops.

8)The secant method uses a second "guess" that is near
the first guess that is used to calculate the slope.

9)The newton update equation is 
	x(n+1) = xn - f(xn)/f'(xn)
  The secant update equation is
	x(n+1) = xn - f(xn)*(xn-x(n-1))/(f(xn)-f(x(n-1)))

10)The difference is that the Secant 2nd guess is just 
the first guess +0.001 of the first guess to calculate
the slope.

11)It doesnt require a second guess because it uses the
derivative at the current point to refine the current 
root estimate.

12)The use of fabs() is necessary because we are using
floats or doubles instead of integers.

13)We use the tolerance to check to see if the number
is close enough to zero as there is a slim chance that
the number is actually zero.
